Planned fixes

Okay, went ona  long ruck and field test with Predator RF Here are the things I noticed and need perfected/fixed

SDR icon always says ready and is light green, need more variance for "Not connected/connected but not set/ etc, etc"

Button sizes are too small/finicky
scroll sucks, we need an easier way to manipulate it when hot sweaty and tired.
more logical layout
right tool bar needs to be larger more touch friendly and scroll up and down
The right tabs need to be full screened and not truncated to have more room when selected and opened, leaving the ability to hit other tabs or close out back to the spectrum too

The logic for scan and quick scan keep overlapping a couple markers ontop of the same signals just at different points of it. How can we make it better?

Whats hte point of classifiy for right now?

In Kujhad the CIDR resets every time the app is restarted under kujhad

Create QR code system that puts the listeing/speaking poort to 41947, offers popup for name, then uses the zerotier/tailscale vpn CIDR and ip address from the scan

System tab has a lot of duplicate fields. Remove redundant, legacy items not needed. Same thing from within the spectrum tab. A lot of redundancy. Lets make the spectrum tab just what will make the spectrum more useable, and how to change how it looks. But I like the ability to stop the current scans, and classify. and then the short cuts to the sdr settings and mission config. But from within those tabs, bag it jump RIGHT to those sections, not just the tabs.

In the hits tabs, screen is too small so makes the ability to navigate VERY hard. Full screen and more logical layout would make more sense.

I think being able to set where the signals recordings are saved is a must. 


the various demods still do not work and cause the entire app to crash. There has to be a recorded working solution somewhere. 

Being able to adjust the size and depth of the spectrum and spectrum time view is super finnicky. create a thicker separation line between then, and require a second or two longer hold to actually make it selectable to adjust. Several times I was trying to slide the spectrum but it would just adjust the size of the time table or active spectrum. 

I would like the ability to place "pointers" (just two) that will sit to the right off the current frequency center where it says "select a right....on the spectrum" to turn on/off with a long hold on it, it automatically does one tap for Arrow 1 (shown as A1) and Arrow 2 (A2) on the tap. I want it to have a vertical ghost line so I kknow where where it is sitting on both spectrum views. And to the far right of the same row, it gives me the frequency delta of the two arrow frequencies. I also want this added as an option if I want to select it for any new band for any of the functions. so the only way the arrow gets placed is if i touch on either of hte spectrums, not on the scroll side to side bar. 

Also, for a lot of the fields where I put in the frequency, it still shows it as "xxxxxxxxxxxx" I would like to be able to "fill from the back" so I can fill in as accurate as I need to be, but as i type it works it way up to the decimal point for a "xxxx.xxxxxx MHZ" format.

Tried using the foxhunt, but it wouldn't select the hackrf so my other buddies using the app could try and find me, but couldn't get it working. 

And they couldn't get the kraken to work. The internal settings are set to df aggregator and the remote settings are set on the krakensdr pi. So maybe something got setup wrong on the predator sdr side?